<b>OBJECTIVE</b>- Help an organization to improve employee performance and improve retention (reduce attrition) by creating Hr Analytics Dashboard.
<b>OVERVIEW</b> - Firstly department wise filters are present to analyze the Deparment wise retention. then we made kpi's (Key Performance indicator) which generally summarise our dashboard. we made 6 kpi's which tells us about overall no of employees, total count of attrition ,attrition rate(total attrition/total employees),Avg Age of employees working at company ,Avg salary, and Avg years at company .we made a slicer which tells ua about distribution based on gender We made a donut chart which basically tells attrition according to education background, next we made an attrition acc to age group ,We made a table according to job satisfaction and thier job role at company, we made stacked bar chart acc to attrition based on their salary, we made area graph acc to attrition based on working years at company,and lastly we made a chart according to attrition based on their job role.

<b>DATA CLEANING AND PROCESSING<b>-We remove null and duplicated values from the table.

<INSIGHTS> - We summarise our data by telling attrition in company by which reason in which age group there is maximum attrition, salary of the employees who left the company, majorly attrition count from which deparment and job role, how many years they worked in the company, and job satisfaction table depicted how much employees were satisfied.

insights tell out of total (1470) total attrition count is 237 out of which proportion of male employees (150) is much greater than female proportion (87). maximum attrition is found among age group (26-35). attrition count is likely to be more among employees having salary upto 5k. major attrition count from life science department and from laboratory technician job role. attrition count is maximum among employees working almost 2 years at the company.

through this we conclude our report on Hr analytics dashboard.
